Add database access getting started guide (#5307)
gravitational/teleport: docs/5.0/preview/database-access.md

Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

## Getting Started

In this getting started guide we will use Teleport Database Access to connect
to a PostgreSQL flavored AWS Aurora database instance.

### Step 1/3. Setup Aurora

The first step is to configure an Aurora database to support IAM authentication
which Teleport will use when connecting to it.

If you don't have a database provisioned yet, create an instance of a PostgreSQL
compatible Aurora instance in the [RDS control panel](https://us-west-1.console.aws.amazon.com/rds/home).
Make sure to check "Password and IAM database authentication" in the Database

> Authentication dialog to enable IAM auth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication dialog.
```

> For existing Aurora databases, the status of IAM authentication is displayed on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For existing Aurora instances, the status of IAM authentication is displayed on
```
?

the Configuration tab and can be enabled by modifying the database instance.

Next, create the following IAM policy attached to a user whose credentials a
Teleport process will be using to allow it to connect to the database:

```json
{
   "Version": "2012-10-17",
   "Statement": [
      {
         "Effect": "Allow",
         "Action": [
             "rds-db:connect"
         ],
         "Resource": [
             "arn:aws:rds-db:<region>:<account-id>:dbuser:<db-cluster-resource-id>/*"
         ]
      }
   ]
}
```

Finally, connect to the database and create a database account with IAM auth
support (or update an existing one):

```sql
CREATE USER alice;
GRANT rds_iam TO alice;
```

See a more detailed description of these steps in the [reference](#aws-rdsaurora-postgresql) below.

### Step 2/3. Setup Teleport

> Head over to Teleport [downloads page](https://goteleport.com/teleport/download)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest version of Teleport for your platform from [downloads page](https://goteleport.com/teleport/download)
```

and download the latest version of Teleport for your platform. Database Access
is available starting from `6.0.0-alpha.1` release.

> Start Teleport using the following command and point it to your Aurora database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start Teleport using the following command and point it to your Aurora database instance.
```

Make sure to update the database endpoint and region appropriately.

```shell
sudo teleport start \
  --roles=proxy,auth,database \
  --db-name=aurora \
  --db-protocol=postgres \
  --db-uri=postgres-aurora-instance-1.abcdefghijklm.us-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com:5432 \
  --db-aws-region=us-west-1
```

!!! note "AWS credentials"
    The node where the Teleport process is started should have AWS credentials

>     configured with the policy created above.

Reviewer: nit: make the section referable from here and use a link?

> Create a Teleport user that is allowed to connect to a particular database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Teleport user that is allowed to connect to a particular database (e.g. `postgres`)
```

within the Aurora instance.

```shell
sudo tctl users add alice root \
  --db-names=postgres \
  --db-users=alice
```

### Step 3/3. Connect to Database

> Now that Aurora is configured with IAM authentication, Teleport is started and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that Aurora is configured with IAM authentication, Teleport is running and
```

the local user is created, we're ready to connect to the database.

Log into Teleport with the user we've just created.

!!! note "Teleport certificate"

>     For the ease of this guide, we're using an `--insecure` flag to accept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For simplicity we're using an `--insecure` flag to accept
```

Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

## Getting Started

In this guide we will use Teleport Database Access to connect to a PostgreSQL
flavored AWS Aurora database. Here's an overview of what we will do:

1. Configure AWS Aurora database with IAM authentication.
2. Download and install Teleport and connect it to the Aurora database.
3. Connect to the Aurora database via Teleport.

### Step 1/3. Setup Aurora

In order to allow Teleport connections to an Aurora instance, it needs to support
IAM authentication.

If you don't have a database provisioned yet, create an instance of an Aurora

> PostgreSQL instance in the [RDS control panel](https://console.aws.amazon.com/rds/home).

Reviewer 2: For a fresh DB you need to select `Standard create` to enable Password and IAM

Author: I've clarified this below.

Make sure to enable "Password and IAM database authentication" in the Database
Authentication dialog.

For existing Aurora instances, the status of IAM authentication is displayed on
the Configuration tab and can be enabled by modifying the database instance.

> Next, create the following IAM policy attached to a user whose credentials a

Reviewer 2: I tried this policy and it's saying it doesn't have any permissions?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/559288/105083933-7b70c580-5a4a-11eb-9387-32d296981a15.png)

Teleport process will be using to allow it to connect to the database:

```json
{
   "Version": "2012-10-17",
   "Statement": [
      {
         "Effect": "Allow",
         "Action": [
             "rds-db:connect"
         ],
         "Resource": [

>              "arn:aws:rds-db:<region>:<account-id>:dbuser:<db-cluster-resource-id>/*"

Reviewer 2: In this resource example, is `dbuser` important? For default should this be changed to `postgres` ?

Author: @benarent No, this is a constant string so it should appear verbatim `dbuser`.

Reviewer 2: This was due to an error of trying to connect to `rds` vs `rds-db` marking as closed.

         ]
      }
   ]
}
```

> Finally, connect to the database and create a database account with IAM auth

Reviewer 2: I would add a link to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ConnectToPostgreSQLInstance.html for newbie Postgres users

Reviewer 2: I found https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/using-iam-authentication-to-connect-with-pgadmin-amazon-aurora-postgresql-or-amazon-rds-for-postgresql/ content also helpful as I learnt more about the specifics of IAM and Aurora Postgres

Author: Added a link below.

Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

## Getting Started

In this guide we will use Teleport Database Access to connect to a PostgreSQL
flavored AWS Aurora database. Here's an overview of what we will do:

1. Configure AWS Aurora database with IAM authentication.
2. Download and install Teleport and connect it to the Aurora database.
3. Connect to the Aurora database via Teleport.

### Step 1/3. Setup Aurora

In order to allow Teleport connections to an Aurora instance, it needs to support
IAM authentication.

If you don't have a database provisioned yet, create an instance of an Aurora

> PostgreSQL instance in the [RDS control panel](https://console.aws.amazon.com/rds/home).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL in the [RDS control panel](https://console.aws.amazon.com/rds/home).
```
there's already an `instance` in the same sentence.

Make sure to choose "Standard create" database creation method and enable
"Password and IAM database authentication" in the Database Authentication dialog.

For existing Aurora instances, the status of IAM authentication is displayed on
the Configuration tab and can be enabled by modifying the database instance.

Next, create the following IAM policy attached to a user whose credentials a
Teleport process will be using to allow it to connect to the database:

```json
{
   "Version": "2012-10-17",
   "Statement": [
      {
         "Effect": "Allow",
         "Action": [
             "rds-db:connect"
         ],
         "Resource": [
             "arn:aws:rds-db:<region>:<account-id>:dbuser:<resource-id>/*"
         ]
      }
   ]
}
```

!!! note "Resource ID"
    Database resource ID is shown on the Configuration tab of a particular
    database instance in RDS control panel, under "Resource id". For regular

>     RDS database it starts with `db-` prefix. For Aurora use database cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    RDS database it starts with `db-` prefix. For Aurora, use the database cluster
```

  --db-protocol=postgres \
  --db-uri=postgres-aurora-instance-1.abcdefghijklm.us-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com:5432 \
  --db-aws-region=us-west-1
```

!!! note "AWS credentials"
    The node where the Teleport process is started should have AWS credentials
    configured with the policy from [step 1](#step-13-setup-aurora).

Create a Teleport user that is allowed to connect to a particular database
(e.g. `postgres`) within the Aurora instance as a particular database account
(e.g. `alice`).

```shell
sudo tctl users add alice root \
  --db-names=postgres \
  --db-users=alice
```

### Step 3/3. Connect to Database

Now that Aurora is configured with IAM authentication, Teleport is running and
the local user is created, we're ready to connect to the database.

Log into Teleport with the user we've just created.

!!! note "Teleport certificate"
    For simplicity, we're using an `--insecure` flag to accept Teleport's
    self-signed certificate. For production usage make sure to configure proxy
    with a proper certificate/key pair. See Teleport's general
    [quickstart guide](../quickstart.md#step-1c-configure-domain-name-and-obtain-tls-certificates-using-lets-encrypt).

```shell

> tsh login --insecure --proxy=localhost:3080 --user=alice

Reviewer 2: We should add a note that during beta customers will need to obtain `tsh` version 6.0

Author: Right, added above.
